okay something we often get asked at
shows about is spaghetti bowl or pasta
dishes and you've basically got two ways
of going about it you can do your sauce
separately from your pasta in which case
your sauce can be made up early morning
and then we would suggest you leave your
boiling water and do your pasta just
before you're ready to eat or you can
put your pasta directly into your sauce
and that way you can leave it in there
for a length of time but today we're
doing spaghetti bulb
so I'm going to do a sauce now and then
half an hour an hour before we're ready
to eat
I'll have boiling water in my second
saucepan and I'll cook the pasta then
we'll start off with frying some onions
and garlic couple of cloves of garlic
got about 500 grams of mince a carrot
diced bit of lemon peel wine tomato
paste salt and pepper basil and some
nutmeg oh and a little bit of bacon but
really you can use your own there's no
particular bolognaise sauce that works
better in here than another this is just
one that I use but you can use your own
favorite recipe if you have one to keep
your food hot and slow cooking for the
longest period of time this sauce pans
need to be 75 to 80 percent for the full
of the sauce pans are the longer they'll
keep their heat if you think of a drink
thermos you put a little bit in the
bottom and it simply won't keep the heat
as long as if it's full so for this one
where I'm using my three liter sauce
pans in a six litre outer I'm going to
have the Bolognese in one and I'll have
my other sauce pan just full of boiling
water for the day and that's what I'll
cook the pasta in later on today and
over all that can stay in there for up
to ten hours right throw in the bacon
diced carrot the base is on these sauce
pans are so
beautifully thick so for any surprise
you can use them as you normal everyday
cooking sauce spoons if you're traveling
you don't need to take anything else
with you even if I wasn't firm or
cooking these are my cooking sauce pans
that I use all the time I might take
that to one side while I Brown my meat a
lot of people ask why the thermos is
different to other cookers available and
probably the best answer is besides the
vacuum insulation that will keep hottest
for the longest length of time the sauce
pans have the heavier space so they're
going to last you a long time and
perform perfectly all the while you've
got them all right now after you've
browned your meat put the onions and
carrots back in and just throw in all
the other ingredients some tomato paste
about half a cup bit of a drizzle of
wine pepper and salt your pinch of
nutmeg bezel and about a cup of stock
well that's coming to the boil I'm just
going to bring my other saucepan with
water to the boil and then they'll both
go in there together and about Oh an
hour or so before you're ready to eat
I'll take the boiling water out and and
we'll do our spaghetti noodles now that
spaghetti bowl has been sitting in there
for most of the day and I'm thinking
Ruth is going to be around before too
long if he's heard that it might be
cooking so I might get the noodles the
spaghetti noodles on cooking now I think
I'll come back when it's done all right
then I'll get a plate ready for you
it's beautiful well done and the
spaghetti is al dente that's the word
isn't it yes exactly so a minute boiling
15 minutes in the shuttle ship you can't
go wrong
are you serious about alland you sure
you don't want to come on to with us